yo yo what are the guys minds ness and
walk up to a little club to the devil
that I'm going to be giving you guys so
today I'm gonna be showing other players
I do have in my club at the moment down
50 13 ultimate team and at the moment
you're watching this I am NOT in the
Netherlands so I won't be seeing your
comments or something like that because
I'm a little holiday well actually it's
not a real holiday but yeah I'm not in
nedlands at the moment you're watching
this but yeah you guys have seen my my
Barclays Premier League squad and also
made a new squad na and i'll be showing
me that in there in this video you can
see on the subs already with half team
idiots it is a serial team and yeah it
is yet again a form to 12 team we have
gianluigi buffon of bona got jealous I
guess that's pronounced correctly about
we have constant we have Fidel we have
all shalaby of diamanti with pat pat
with Maria and we also have mario
balotelli which I want from Max plays
fifa in his pink steps so that's very
nice but now i'm gonna go back and I'm
going to show you show you my club miss
you're actually sold in here the rest i
had i do not switch yeah i invested in
some mind some chukars keys for 7,000
points and yeah he is a very good player
and I think he's gonna rise a bit in
price so yeah I thought why not invest
in him but as you can see i do have for
only 142 players in my club i did some
trading but also spend some some
microphones on my my my early release
account so I yeah let's go into this lat
so here we go there you can see I have
so many forms and I did not pack any of
these as you can see I did invest in all
of them this company out of 23 thousand
points it's good I for 10250 my 24 28
thousand the show for 16,000 and the
escalating for eighty-four thousand
points and yeah I think these people are
gonna go up some I'm gonna keep them for
couple weeks and then sell them on
further on did package this young Richie
before I also packed malinois yeah i did
buy faces enough us I think effect
ya did attack him effect in attalla
let's go on if I anymore yeah I packed
this guy a boxy doll but yeah that's not
important you guys just like I'm just
here to show you my players not to tell
you who I packed the Balotelli is City
goo your fish the best player in the
game for me so far what appears he is
marchisio bars ugly up learn marchetti
the monkey yeah also have much hello in
a pack yeah that's correct monton de
Jager Lopez you're the Alba Candreva
ericsson el shaarawy mangala Clichy for
Ron we can go on with list I'm just
gonna go through it and see if I can
Peck control something good guy really
bad girl kevin-prince boateng Sturridge
Ramirez your crows abona and yeah
that is about like that's about it about
like if you look at the gold players let
me see if have any good silver players
yet the number of players are not so
important for me because I hardly use
them the only good moment play a few so
far so it's Coney Carradine II was a bit
disappointing for me this year
unfortunately I got trochowski acapella
I got this guy than oh yes I think I
just affect him and it's got a desi I'm
mighty page 73 dribbling and force your
skills and yeah I think that's about it
guys so hope you guys did enjoy this
video and if you did please leave a like
subscribe Ethan already and I sake let's
all next time please